r7 maintained the decision of the regional labor tribunal of são paulo
sentenced to pay compensation of 500 thousand reais to the agent shot
during a riot we had physical and psychological sequelae
quite different from ordinary people
the hospitalization units
has the function of re-socializing the offending adolescent
security agents have a fundamental role to play in
side dish
the international ones
and we carry out the activities we accompany in hospitals the commissions
half in all
we also introduce at least we have the role of educator also fell
it's a lot of responsibility
the agents of the children's hospitalization units
found a way for me to solve the problems
here we realize that the community we have decided to invite the plan of
geithner
the accession of unit 1 even in four other armed men invaded the
ancient feb house foundation to free the inmates
That's when the rebellion started and we got shot.
as irreversible sequelae in the tests
and begins to present pictures of depression
he then sought the labor court seeking compensation for damages
morals and materials in addition to monthly lifetime pension
if you do not pay the fbi did not adopt adequate security measures
already the institution
defended himself by saying that he does not take into account the rebellion
it's a matter of public safety
but it is off the record that the employer is always responsible for
accidents occurring in the workplace any kind of decision had
employee has the work amazon
for the kaka sock what we call an occupational disease in him to
acquiring a disease due to external activities who also have
nature of their work the regional labor court of são paulo
understood that the episode brought moral damages
physical and aesthetic effects to the agent and the pcp agree
the 5th group maintained the regional decision and as we also erased the people
almost 500 thousand reais
in life annuity indemnification